---
title: Privacy Policy
description: "TEST"
permalink: /privacy/
---
# Privacy Policy - January 17th, 2022
The following applies to the Discord Bot NotifHy and resources operated by Attituding for the purposes of operating NotifHy.

If you choose to use or continue use of my service, you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. I do not sell or share your data for marketing purposes. I may provide data to entities when required by law.

### Interpretation and Definitions

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:

*   **Application** means the software program provided by Attituding named NotifHy.
    
*   **I** (also referred to as "Me") refers to Attituding.
    
*   **Service** refers to the Application.
    
*   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### Data Collection
I aim to inform this Application's users of what data this Service uses and/or collects. This data may be Personal Data or Non-Personal Data.

The following may be collected when You run a command for the purposes of logging as described below:
  - Server information
    - Server Id
    - Server name
    - Owner Id
    - Owner name
    - Member count
  - Username

The following are collected when you use the notification function that this Application provides:
  - Hypixel
    - Game type
    - Game mode
    - Game map
    - Language
    - Last reward claimed
    - Last login
    - Last logout
    - Minecraft version
    - Online status
    - Reward streak
    - Total daily rewards
    - Total rewards

Other potentially identifiable or sensitive information including the following are not intentionally collected or knowingly stored:
  - Guild member presences
  - Guild members, excluding the executor of a command, if any
  - Messages not sent by the Application
  - Roles

### Data Usage
This data is used for the following functions:
  - Sending notifications to you
    - The data is compared to the last API check and provides notificatiosn accordingly
  - Logging for the purpose of debugging errors or removing malicious users
    - 
    

### Security
I value your trust in providing your information and as such, I strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, so I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

### Children's Privacy
This service is not targeted or aimed at children and does not knowingly collect data from children. If a parent or guardian believes that their child may be giving personal information, they are encouraged to reach out to Me.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update the Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Reasonable measures will be taken to ensure users are aware of updates to the Privacy Policy. By using this Application, you agree to the current revision of the Privacy Policy.

This policy is not in effect.

### Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact Me at attituding@outlook.com or by Attituding#6517 on Discord where possible.

Parts of this privacy policy page were created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
